Update short description and docs (#629)
intel/scikit-learn-intelex: README.md

[![PyPI Version](https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/scikit-learn-intelex)](https://pypi.org/project/scikit-learn-intelex/)
[![Conda Version](https://img.shields.io/conda/vn/conda-forge/scikit-learn-intelex)](https://anaconda.org/conda-forge/scikit-learn-intelex)

Intel(R) Extension for Scikit-learn speeds up scikit-learn beyond by providing drop-in patching. Acceleration is achieved through the use of the Intel(R) oneAPI Data Analytics Library ([oneDAL](https://github.com/oneapi-src/oneDAL)) that allows for fast usage of the framework suited for Data Scientists or Machine Learning users.

> ⚠️Intel(R) Extension for Scikit-learn contains scikit-learn patching functionality originally available in [**daal4py**](https://github.com/intel/scikit-learn-intelex/tree/master/daal4py) package. All future updates for the patching will be available in Intel(R) Extension for Scikit-learn only. Please use the package instead of daal4py.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
⚠️Intel(R) Extension for Scikit-learn contains scikit-learn patching functionality that was originally available in [**daal4py**](https://github.com/intel/scikit-learn-intelex/tree/master/daal4py) package. All future updates for the patches will be available only in Intel(R) Extension for Scikit-learn. We recommend you to use scikit-learn-intelex package instead of daal4py.
```
